---
layout: post
title: "Drupalcon Dublin"
date: 2016-10-04 21:16
comments: true
categories: 
---
Drupalcon Dublin took place last week and I went to the sessions on Tuesday,
Wednesday and Thursday (27-29 September). Here are some of my thoughts on the
conference and the talks that I went to.
 
### Tuesday

#### Ride the Whale! Docker for Drupalists

Really enjoyed this as an overview of how to use Docker. Even though it
targetted Drupal, there are lots of bits that can be used elsewhere. The
[slides are available too](https://socketwench.github.io/rideTheWhale/#/)

#### Weather.com (The Weather Company) as an Inspiration to Extend TMGMT

Disappointed with this talk as it wasn't what I expected. It turned into a
sales pitch for their product.

#### Configuration Management: theory and practice

Drupal specific, but a very good overview of the challenges of creating
development and production environments that mirror each other but still allow
small differences. For example, having verbose logging enabled on a development
site. 

#### Leading Healthy Teams

A good reminder on not burning out. He wasn't a huge fan of remote teams
though, advised meeting up on site at least once a week.

### Wednesday

#### A Cautionary Tale for Defensive Programmers

Lots of tips on returning early and using exceptions. How to handle and bubble
up exceptions in your application.

#### Building a co-lingual website - lessons learned from ireland.ie

An enjoyable look at how difficult it is to get content in different languages
to match up and how hard it is to get it translated. Reminded me a lot of the
work that went in to http://www.museum.ie too.

#### HTTP for Web Developers

I've been looking forward to seeing Lorna talk in person for a long time. This
was a very approachable introduction to HTTP and APIs. Also included a run
through some HTTP clients and how Lorna tests things.

#### Imposter Syndrome and Individual Competence

Beautiful slides and a good talk. Everyone in the room had experienced imposter
syndrome in some form or another.

### Thursday

#### Guzzle: Extraordinary HTTP Client

Rob is one of the developers of Guzzle and the Slim framework and showed some
really useful ways that Guzzle wraps around curl and makes even multiple curl
calls easy.

#### Search and beyond with Elasticsearch

How to use Elasticsearch to make searching a Drupal site better, faster and
more useful. Drupal specific again but with information on Elasticsearch that
can be used everywhere. Also showed some sites that use it and one that
doesn't. The room was packed for this one, lots of interest.

[![]({{ site.url}}//images/images/2016-10-04-drupalcon-dublin/thumbs/NAME.jpg)]({{ site.url }}//images/images/2016-10-04-drupalcon-dublin/NAME.jpg)
